Clarify `WorkerWallTimeUs` (#12768)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/reference/log-fields/zone/http_requests.md

| WorkerStatus | Status returned from worker daemon. | string |
| WorkerSubrequest | Whether or not this request was a worker subrequest. | bool |
| WorkerSubrequestCount | Number of subrequests issued by a worker when handling this request. | int |

> | WorkerWallTimeUs | Elapsed time in microseconds between the start of a Worker invocation, and when the Workers Runtime determines no more JavaScript needs to run. Specifically, this measures the wall-clock time that the JavaScript context remained open. For example, when returning a response with a large body, the Workers runtime can in some cases [determine that no more JavaScript needs to run](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-optimization-reduces-your-bill), and closes the JS context before all the bytes have passed through and been sent. Or if you use the [`waitUntil()`](/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch/#contextwaituntil) API to perform work without blocking returning a response, this work may continue executing after the response has been returned, and will be included in `WorkerWallTimeUs`. | int |

Author: ```suggestion
| WorkerWallTimeUs | The elapsed time in milliseconds between the start of a Worker invocation, and when the Workers Runtime determines that no more JavaScript needs to run. Specifically, this measures the wall-clock time that the JavaScript context remained open. For example, when returning a response with a large body, the Workers runtime can, in some cases, determine that no more JavaScript needs to run, and closes the JS context before all the bytes have passed through and been sent. Alternatively, if you use the `waitUntil()` API to perform work without blocking the return of a response, this work may continue executing after the response has been returned, and will be included in `WallTimeMs`. | int |
```

> | WorkerWallTimeUs | Elapsed time in microseconds between the start of a Worker invocation, and when the Workers Runtime determines no more JavaScript needs to run. Specifically, this measures the wall-clock time that the JavaScript context remained open. For example, when returning a response with a large body, the Workers runtime can in some cases [determine that no more JavaScript needs to run](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-optimization-reduces-your-bill), and closes the JS context before all the bytes have passed through and been sent. Or if you use the [`waitUntil()`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch/#contextwaituntil) API to perform work without blocking returning a response, this work may continue executing after the response has been returned, and will be included in `WorkerWallTimeUs`. | int |

Author: ```suggestion
| WorkerWallTimeUs | Elapsed time in microseconds between the start of a Worker invocation, and when the Workers Runtime determines no more JavaScript needs to run. Specifically, this measures the wall-clock time that the JavaScript context remained open. For example, when returning a response with a large body, the Workers runtime can in some cases [determine that no more JavaScript needs to run](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-optimization-reduces-your-bill), and closes the JS context before all the bytes have passed through and been sent. Or if you use the [`waitUntil()`](/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch/#contextwaituntil) API to perform work without blocking returning a response, this work may continue executing after the response has been returned, and will be included in `WorkerWallTimeUs`. | int |
```
